Variations of the fox and geese game have been popular in Europe since at least the 13th century.

This variation travels along 13th century trade routes between the major cities of Medieval Europe.

It may not be in the spirit of the JS13k competition, but since JavaScript was not around in the 13th century this game is completely JavaScript free (aside from being generated by Node).

Good luck and I hope you enjoy the game!

### Rules
The fox and geese alternate turns moving along the paths. You play as the geese and will move first after clicking Start.

Any one goose can move 1 space in any direction to an unoccupied city as long as there is a path between the cities.
The fox can also move to any unoccupied, connected city or it can jump over one goose to remove that goose from the game.

A jump must remain on 1 path so it must end on an unoccupied city on the same color path as it started.

- The goal for the fox is to reach Rome (or kill enough geese to guarantee victory).
- The goal for the geese is to trap the fox so that is has no moves.

### Controls

To move, click a goose and then click the city to move it to.
Once you have clicked on a goose you must move it or leave it where it is!
You only have 60 seconds each turn to make your decision.
After taking your turn, make the fox's move by clicking the box in the upper left two times (for a regular move) or three times (for a jump).

### Notes

If you like JS13k games because they lightweight, then this game is probably not for you as it ends up inflating to more than a MB of CSS.

This game might work on some mobile devices, but it is likely unplayably slow and/or too small. Safari is probably slow but playable if you have enough CPU. Firefox might have text-shadow issues but seems to be much faster. Chrome on a newish laptop/desktop is recommended for a (hopefully) flawless experience.
